V9 Configuration documentation (#3278)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/V9-Config/ContentSettings/index-v9.md

:::

:::warning Remember to recycle the app pool to make sure changes to this section take effect. :::

If you have multiple sites, with different cultures, setup in your tree then you will need to setup the errors section like below:

```json
"Error404Collection": [
  {
    "ContentId": 1,
    "Culture": "default"
  },
  {
    "ContentId": 200,
    "Culture": "en-US"
  }]
```

If you have more than two sites and for some reason forget to update the above section with a 404 page and a culture then the default page will act as a fallback. Same happens if you for some reason forget to define a hostname on a site.

### Preview badge

This allows you to customize the preview badge being shown when you're previewing a node.

```json
"PreviewBadge": "<![CDATA[<a id=\"umbracoPreviewBadge\" style=\"position: absolute; top: 0; right: 0; border: 0; width: 149px; height: 149px; background: url('{1}/preview/previewModeBadge.png') no-repeat;\" href=\"{0}/endPreview.aspx?redir={2}\"><span style=\"display:none;\">In Preview Mode - click to end</span></a>]]>"
```

### Macro errors

> This setting allows toy to specify how errors in macros should be handled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to specify how errors in macros should be handled.
```

Options:

> * Inline - Default Umbraco behaviour, show an inline error within the macro bu allow the page to continue rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inline - Default Umbraco behavior, show an inline error within the macro but allow the page to continue rendering.
```

* Throw - Throw an exception.
* Content - Silently suppress the error, and dusplay custom content reported in the error event args.

### Disallowed upload files

This setting consists of a list of file extensions that editors shouldn't be allowed to upload via the backoffice.

### Allowed upload files

If greater control is required than available from the above, this setting can be used to store a list of file extensions. If provided, only files with these extensions can be uploaded via the backoffice.

### Show deprecated property editors

This setting is used for controlling whether or not the data types marked as obsolete should be visible in the dropdown when creating new data types.

By default this is set to false. To make the obsolete data types visible in the dropdown change the value to **true**

### Login background image

You can specify your own background image for the login screen here. The image will automatically get an overlay to match backoffice colors. This path is relative to the `wwwroot/umbraco` path. The default location is: `wwwroot/umbraco/assets/img/installer.jpg`.

### Login logo image

> You can specify for own image for the login screen logo. This path is relative to the `wwwroot/umbraco` path. The default location is: `wwwroot/umbraco/assets/img/application/umbraco_logo_white.svg`.

Reviewer: Not quite sure what the first sentence means here 🤔

Is there missing a word?

Author: Yeah I think I did an oopsie, I've tried updating it to something that hopefully makes a bit more sense 😄

## Imaging

This section is used for managing how umbraco handles images, allowed attributes and, which properties of an image that should be automatically updated on upload.

```json
"Imaging": {
  "ImageFileTypes": ["jpeg", "jpg", "gif", "bmp", "png", "tiff", "tif"],
  "AutoFillImageProperties": {
    "Alias": "umbracoFile",
    "WidthFieldAlias": "umbracoWidth",
    "HeightFieldAlias": "umbracoHeight",
    "LengthFieldAlias": "umbracoBytes",
    "ExtensionFieldAlias": "umbracoExtension"
  }
}
```

Let's break it down.

### ImageFileTypes

This is a separated list of accepted image formats

### AutoFillImageProperties

You can define what properties should be automatically updated when an image is being uploaded. This means that if you decide to rename the default **umbracoWidth** and **umbracoHeight** properties to **width** and **height** then the values in **`"WidthFieldAlias"`** and **`"HeightFieldAlias"`** need to be updated with the new property aliases. This needs to happen in order to automatically populate the values when the image is being uploaded.

### Custom media document

> If you need to create a custom media document type to handle images called something like "Custom Image" width an alias of **customImage** then you need to add another object where the **alias** is set to **customImage**. Like below. Note that the width and height attributes has also been changed in this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to create a custom media document type to handle images called something like "Custom Image" with an alias of **customImage** then you need to add another object where the **alias** is set to **customImage**. Like below. Note that the width and height attributes have also been changed in this example.
```
